\documentclass{bmd2023a}
\usepackage{lipsum}

\begin{document}

% The following variables will be updated by the publisher, do not edit.
\doi{XX.XXXX/XX.XXXX}
\year{2023}
\editor{Firstname Lastname}
\submitteddate{dd/mm/yyyy}
\accepteddate{dd/mm/yyyy}
\publisheddate{dd/mm/yyyy}
\citation{}
\authors{One, A. B., Two, A. C., \& Three, A. D.}
\issn{2667-2812}
% End publisher variables.

\noindent\makebox[\linewidth]{\rule{\textwidth}{1.0pt}}

\begin{flushleft}
  {\fontsize{9pt}{11pt}\selectfont%
    % Do not edit.
    Type of the Paper: Extended Abstract
  }
\end{flushleft}

\begin{flushleft}
  {\fontsize{18pt}{20pt}\selectfont%
    % Replace with your paper title.
    Instructions for Preparing an Extended Abstract for Bicycle and Motorcycle
    Dynamics 2023
  }
\end{flushleft}

\begin{flushleft}
  {\fontsize{10}{12}\selectfont{
    % Replace with your authors.
    Author~B. One~\textsuperscript{1},
    Author~C. Two~\textsuperscript{2},
    Author~D. Three~\textsuperscript{2,*}
  }\\}
  \vspace{10pt}
  {\fontsize{8pt}{10pt}\selectfont{
    % Replace with your affliations.
    \textsuperscript{1} Affiliation 1; email One; ORCID One (if applicable) \\
    \textsuperscript{2} Affiliation 2; email Two, ORCID Two (if applicable);
    email Three, ORCID Three (if applicable) \\
    \textsuperscript{*} corresponding author
  }}
\end{flushleft}

\noindent\makebox[\linewidth]{\rule{\textwidth}{0.4pt}}

\begin{flushleft}
  {\fontsize{8pt}{10pt}\selectfont{
    Name of Editor: \printeditor \\
    Submitted: \printsubmitteddate \\
    Accepted: \printaccepteddate \\
    Published: \printpublisheddate \\
    Citation: \printcitation
  }}
\end{flushleft}

\section*{Abstract:}
Authors are requested to upload an extended abstract of two pages (including
references and figures) to the Orvium web site by the stated date in the call
for abstracts. For LaTeX documents, upload a single ZIP file that inlcudes the
minimum set of source files needed to build a PDF. The ZIP file should be named
using the following pattern \verb|Surname1Surname2Surname3_abstract.zip|. The
primary LaTeX file should be named \verb|abstract.tex|. Avoid using LaTeX
packages other than those listed in the \verb|bmd2023a.cls| file for
compatiblity with the Orvium.

The abstract must be written in English. It must contain the names,
affiliations, and e-mail addresses of the authors. Do not edit the headers or
footers or the list of publisher variables.  The paper size is European A4 (21
x 29.7 cm).The left and right margins are 1.27~cm, the top margin (not
including the header) is 2.5~cm, and the bottom margin is 1.9~cm. The title
should be in Times New Roman 18pt, and may extend over more than one line. The
author's name or authors' names should be in Times New Roman 10pt, and the
affiliation should be in 8pt.

The abstract itself has the section heading \textbf{Abstract:}, bold 9~pt Times
New Roman, and the text should be written in Times New Roman, 10~pt. All these
fonts are already set and should not be edited.

Equations should be numbered continuously according to the format shown in
Equation~(\ref{eq:equ1}):
\begin{equation} \label{eq:equ1}
  e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0,
\end{equation}
where the unknown symbols are explained after the equation.

Figures, graphs, and tables must be included using the same style as in
Figure~\ref{fig:fig1} and Table~\ref{tab:tab1}. Both figures and tables should
be centred on the page. Use of at least 300 ppi resolution for pictures and 600
dpi for line art is required, 1 px wide lines in figures should be avoided as
they may become invisible in print.

\begin{table}[]
  \begin{center}
    \caption{Example of a table with a short caption.} \label{tab:tab1}
    \begin{tabular}{|c|ccc|}
      \hline
      &  $x$  &  $y$  &  $z$ \\
      \hline
      $x'$  &  $\alpha_1$ & $\beta_1$ & $\gamma_1$ \\
      $y'$  &  $\alpha_2$ & $\beta_2$ & $\gamma_2$ \\
      $z'$  &  $\alpha_3$ & $\beta_3$ & $\gamma_3$ \\
      \hline
    \end{tabular}
  \end{center}
\end{table}

\begin{figure}[]
  \begin{center}
    \includegraphics[width=55mm]{figure1}
    \caption{An example of a figure caption. Use 10~pt Times New Roman. Use the
      same style for the tables.}
    \label{fig:fig1}
  \end{center}
\end{figure}

Bibliographical citations should be written in alphabetical order in the
\textbf{References} section at the end of the document and use the APA citation
system and the APA format. See the \textbf{References} section below, where
\citep{Pac02} exemplifies the case of a textbook, \citep{Ber07} is an article
in a conference proceedings, and \citep{Sha71} is an article in a journal.

Make use of the \verb|natbib| package with \verb|\citep{}| or \verb|\citet{}|
for citations. If using a \verb|.bib| file, use the \verb|apacite| bibliography
style to get APA formatting.

We very much look forward to welcoming you in Delft! Best wishes and the
warmest regards from the Organizing Committee of Bicycle and Motorcycle
Dynamics 2023.

\lipsum[2-4]

% Use the apacite style with a bib file, e.g. references.bib.
%\bibliographystyle{apacite}
%\bibliography{references}

\begin{thebibliography}{9}
  \bibitem[Pacejka, 2002]{Pac02} Pacejka, H.~B., (2002). \textit{Tyre and
    Vehicle Dynamics}.  Butterworth and Heinemann, Oxford.
  \bibitem[Bertolazzi et al., 2007]{Ber07} Bertolazzi, E., Biral, F., Da~Lio,
    M., \& Cossalter, V. (2007, June 25--28), The influence of rider's upper
    body motions on motorcycle minimum time maneuvering. In C.~L.~Bottasso,
    P.~Masarati, \& L.~Trainelli (Eds.), \textit{Proceedings, Multibody
    Dynamics 2007, ECCOMAS Thematic Conference}, Politecnico di Milano, Milano,
    Italy, 15.
  \bibitem[Sharp, 1971]{Sha71} Sharp, R.~S. (1971). The stability and control
    of motorcycles.
    \textit{Proceedings of the IMechE, Part C, Journal of Mechanical
    Engineering Science}, \textit{13}, 316--329.
\end{thebibliography}

\end{document}
